Good girl, stop the car for me
Dear daughter, stop the car for me, I won't
My dignified daughter returns to China to do cleaning
What is this?
Dad, I was experiencing life
Experience life in your own company
You can choose any position in the night market group.
Dad said it was an experience of life
Of course it starts at the grassroots level
If you want me to go back to work at the night market, you can
You have to promise me
Can't reveal my identity
Good dad promises you
Miss Rong goes to work
Tell it to go
My daughter, Ye Zhenghai, is in her own company
Never be wronged at all
Why doesn't my dad keep his word?
They all said things that are not tolerated
Why are you still stunned?
Hurry up and set up the venue
The orientation meeting is about to start.
OK, so it's an orientation party?
Fortunately not exposed
I don't have eyes when walking?
Obviously it's you
Isn't this Ye Meng?
Who are you?
We are high school classmates, I am Ye Qiuyan
It turned out to be that trash out of high school
Fees you can't even get into college
How did you study the planning department?
With my true skills, who says I can't get out?
I am your true ability to send the right to study abroad
With the skills in bed
Keep your mouth clean
You still don't admit the bad things you did
Look at your rustic clothes
Deserving of our country
One or two of the biggest companies?
I'm here to work
It's not a catwalk, it's better said than sung
What ability do you have?
You don't even know how to use an Apple computer, huh?
Excuse me?
To disappoint you, I will not only use
I'm still an intern at Apple headquarters
What to go abroad
Hahaha ouch
Why didn't I find you so good at blowing when I was in school?
Yeah, it's undocumented
It's not that he can blow however he wants
Coincidentally, my internship report was in the bag
Say you're fat and you're still breathing
Take it out
Yeah, take it out!
Why is the pig vest here?
No wonder he saw
Expose my identity
What is friction?
Take out the internship report